why would i betray we all have our
secrets you just didn't get to yours yet
the world is arming faster than we can
respond
where's ss7
I need a favor brother you're the only
one I trust for this
the world's moved on commander bond you
would double O two years so stay in your
lane you get in my way
I will put a bullet in your knee one
that works I thought you two would get
along named Vonda
James Bond so you're not dead hello Q
I've missed you
it's the most valuable asset this
country has if you feel yourself losing
control I'm not going to lose
control
James you gave up everything for her
when our secret finds its way out
there'll be the death of him
what is it you don't know what this is
James Bond license to kid history of
violence I could be speaking to my own
reflection only your skills die with her
body mine will survive long after I'm
gone history isn't kind to men who play
God
[Music]
you